we start with growing international
calls for Israel to scale back its
assault on Gaza that includes its
closest Ally the US defense secretary
Lloyd Austin has just arrived in Tel
from Bahrain for talks with Israel's
defense minister and the Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu Austin's trip is part
of a diplomatic tour of the Middle East
he's expected to press Israel to focus
its attacks on Hamas and do more to
avoid civilian casualties Hamas is
considered a terrorist organization by
the US the EU and several other
countries collecting and burying the
dead now a daily ritual in the Gaza
Strip for those able to retrieve the
bodies of their loved ones many remain
trapped under the rubble of bombed out
buildings these latest victims were
killed in Rafa in the South a supposed
safe zone for those fleeing the fighting
in other areas of Gaza
they hit every place they targeted
everywhere they target at night children
are always scared and they wake up
screaming because of the sound of
bombing there are big targets everywhere
in Raa but unfortunately there is no
safety another recent assault in Rafa
killed a French Foreign Ministry worker
who had been Sheltering inside a
residential home news of the death came
just as Francis foreign minister arrived
in Israel Paris has condemned the
bombing and is demanding an
investigation I've also come here to
reiterate the importance of a new
humanitarian
truce we need to return to a durable
truce a truce that will enable us to
work towards a humanitarian ceasefire
now but Israel says a ceasefire would be
nothing more than a gift for Hamas
giving it it time to regroup and strike
again we will eliminate Hamas release
all our hostages and we promise Gaza
won't become a center of Terror once
again that includes disabling hamas's
vast network of underground tunnels like
this one according to the Israeli
military it goes down some 50 m
underground and is wide enough for
vehicles Germany's foreign minister and
the UK's for foreign secretary have also
expressed support for a ceasefire but
only if it can be sustained in a joint
opinion article they
write we do not believe that calling
right now for a general and immediate
ceasefire hoping it somehow becomes
permanent is the way
forward for now the pair are pushing for
further humanitarian pauses to get more
Aid into Gaza and hostages out the
rising death toll and The Accidental
killing of three hostages by the Israeli
military has raised concern over
Israel's strategy in
Gaza the US is pushing for a transition
to smaller more tactical missions into
the territory in Tel Aviv thousands of
protesters have been taking part in
weekly rallies calling on the government
to end the fighting and pursue a
peaceful solution that would allow the
remaining hostages to return
home and tww correspondent Tanya Kramer
has more from Jerusalem Tanya
International pressure on Israel is
growing are you seeing any signs that
Israel might be looking at changing its
strategy or entertaining the prospect of
a ceasefire
even well as you said International
pressure is growing but we don't see
much impact of that here in policies or
strategies actually we heard again over
the weekend prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu again reiterating that only
maximum military pressure
will yield any results mainly a victory
for Israel or what they U say a clear
you know eliminating Hamas topple Hamas
and also uh to uh release U more
hostages so there's no change at least
in the public rhetorics here of the
government of course we will be seeing
uh today also the US defense secretary
Lloyd Austin also in Israel and it's
expected that he will also reiterate the
need uh for more humanitarian Aid coming
into Gaza for civilians St and also you
know less harm to civilians in Gaza with
is with the us being the closest and
strongest Ally of Israel um during its
War efforts but they also have been
calling uh uh for uh you know less
casualties in Gaza but we haven't seen
anything in this regard happening uh on
the ground but what is also uh Happening
Here in Israel is it's there's more and
more pressure on the Israeli go
government domestically to do more uh to
uh make a new deal to release more
hostages after uh three Israeli hostages
were killed on Friday by the Israeli
military in Gaza several of Israel's
closest allies are pushing to revive the
idea of a two-state solution which is
widely regarded as the only way out of
this crisis is there any appetite for
that in
Israel
well I mean there are lot of debates
about you know what will Gaza look like
about after post war Gaza what is going
to be Israel's role in this but there's
there a lot of ideas floating around but
nothing really concrete and I think the
idea of a two-state solution or rather
the concept of a two-state solution has
been promoted for over two decades by
the International Community by uh
Western allies but it has not been uh
implemented and we've heard also prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu saying that
actually he was the one preventing a
Palestinian state which is at the core
of this two- State solution um saying
two states uh living uh two people and
two states living by side by side so I
don't expect this uh um you know in this
with this right-wing government also his
core allies the far-right parties are
also against the Palestinian state so I
think this is rather a discussion that
is very far away from the reality right
now yeah so a lot of pressure on
Netanyahu from abroad but also at home
where does that leave him how stable is
he right now in
power well I think what we're seeing
right now there's a lot of pressure on
prime minister Netanyahu from the
families and relatives but also from the
public about bringing more of the
Israeli hostages that are being held now
uh in that are still being held in Gaza
that there are about 130 hostages that
are still in Gaza and this is the main
issue that the focus the country is now
focused on um there's also of course uh
after this incident with the three
hostages that were killed by the Israeli
Army uh there's a lot of discussion
about the militaries Rules of Engagement
uh in Gaza about
responsibilities especially when it
comes to the Prime Minister but this is
something that will be dealt with after
the war right now there's the sense here
that time is running out for those
hostages and the pressure is on to bring
those hostages back home Tanya kma
reporting from Jerusalem always great to
get your take thank you so
much well she mentioned it there Israel
faces pressure from abroad to scale back
its campaign in Gaza at home the
relatives of hostages still being held
by Hamas are pushing for more to be done
to rescue their loved ones those who
have been released so far have been
women and children but as Tanya reports
now for the families whose Sons were
taken on October 7th hope is
scarce Rachel Goldberg keeps score of
the days her son hsh has been held
hostage in
Gaza more days have passed since we met
but the family still hasn't heard
anything a lot of people feel Comfort
wearing t-shirts with their loved one or
a pin with their loved one that for me
makes me really
uncomfortable um I also don't like that
the picture doesn't change I think
there's something important that every
day the number changes and it's
showing it's
uncomfortable H was caught up in the
attack on the Nova Music Festival on
October 7 militants led by Hamas
considered a terrorist group by multiple
countries killed at least 360 people and
took others to Gaza
H's best friend Anna on the left here
was one of those killed hsh on the right
was badly injured and
taken I pray all the time that I know
there are kind good gazen civilians who
are also caught in this horrible
situation that we're caught in and I
want to pray and hope that there's
someone kind there being kind to hirs
and to the other you know innocent
people who are also being held there in
a terrible
situation h family takes some comfort
from the support of his friends they
used to hang out here in this bar in
Jerusalem all are Aid supporters of
football club hael
Jerusalem they've made sure he cannot be
[Music]
forgotten we are doing bad it's really
nothing is the same and even
when we try and we succeed in a lot of
moments of our day to keep living you
know we we meet here we drink our beers
we watch our football team and we try to
do what we were doing before but that's
not the situation and every time you
have a moment to to realize you you
remember that her
is an hostage in in Gaza they also
mourned their friend Anna killed that
day
it was a day that changed their world
it's the biggest incident we've had um
for Our Generation for sure um but I I
think it's kind of a part of being here
is there's always something happening
and there's always
um but I I think this is the first time
it really hit me personally with HH and
um and maybe also our
community H fate is also present at this
German Football Club he was a frequent
visitor here in Breman
thanks to strong links between
supporters of his football club and
those of ver
[Music]
pran I know him as a very charismatic
person he's very outgoing very open
unbelievably tolerant he tries to bring
people
together we're so far away what can we
do from here to somehow keep this topic
and our friend close to us that's what
we try to do with our conversations and
messages with Rachel
to find a way to offer support from so
far away to where we feel so connected
in our
hearts F there flying the flag for hsh
gives Comfort to his mother in
Jerusalem I call them my friends they're
hsh's friends but you know who write and
keep me posted and send pictures of
different rallies and different soccer
games and
different uh you know um exhibitions
that are put out not to forget these
these human beings who are being held
against their will in very
scary conditions and situations and it
it actually really helps me I think it
helps me to breathe in this world
without
air for now she counts the days and she
waits